this is a technique that can be
used not just for rabbit but any meat where
you want to add flavor and moisture rabbit is
particularly lean so the bacon fat will really add
the flavor to it and also moistness
as I just mentioned through roasting
so I have some bacon laid out here and on plastic
and I'm just going to fold it over and flatten
it, I have a rolling pin so I'm just going to
lightly make it a bit thinner and even thickness
um barding is used in this case with bacon
but barding can be done also with caul fat
which the culinary term once it's wrapped and
roasted is "en crepinette", so the bacon is now
smoother and not so bumpy and of even thickness
the loin or the saddle is here we I did add the
two loins in as well just for the purpose of the
demonstration of rolling a little bit of seasoning
keeping in mind that there is some saltiness from
the bacon so I have some salt and cracked pepper
tucking it in rolling it over one full
one and when this is eventually roasted
and sliced this will be the top so
keep that in mind when you're rolling
placing it right on this can be trimmed after
so when I'm roasting I want the bottom seam
on the bottom when I'm initially
searing in the pan straight over like so
i'm going to keep this plastic because i
want to set it up in the fridge and chill it
so you can see it has a nice it's
almost doubled in size from the farce or
the filling rolling it over taking the ends
and I'm going to secure this alternatively
you can go straight from this stage
and truss it with butcher's twine
doing one side
nice little sort of tight final roll the other
you can maybe not be so
give yourself a little bit more plastic
wrap securing both sides and as mentioned
i would then put this in the fridge
to chill for roasting at a later time
when I'm ready to roast it i'll take it out of
the fridge remove the plastic wrap before roasting
and add to a preheated pan
or into a preheated oven